Verbal NPC
----------
From the very start of the game, type the command "speak" 3 times. Joe will
mention quotes with the topics of a ferret, a fart, and gambling. Go "s" two
times and type the command "speak", Sal will ignore you. Go "s" three more
times and type the "speak" command 3 times. Q will say that he thinks they
killed murr and that he didn't want to be a comedian twice.

Trade NPC
---------
From the very start of the game, type "take dagger" to take the dagger. Then
type "trade". Joe isn't a trade npc and the game lets you know you can't trade
with him. Go "n", and type "take glass" to take the dragon glass. Go "s" three
time. Type "trade" and your Sal's and your inventory will be displayed. Type
"dagger" to select the dagger from your inventory and hit enter. Type "gun" to
select that as the item you want and press enter. The dagger was worth at least
the same amount of credits as the gun and the trade should be successful. Type
"trade" again. Type "gun" to select it from your current inventory and hit
enter. Type "senzuBean" to select that as the item you want from Sal's
inventory. The gun isn't worth as much as the senzuBean and the trade will
fail, also letting you know why it failed. Finally type "trade" one last time.
Type in "glass,gun" to select the dragonglass, and gun from your inventory and
hit enter. Then type "dagger,senzuBean" to select those items as the ones you
want from Sal's inventory and hit enter. The trade should be successfull. Type "i" and the dagger
and senzuBean should be in your inventory.

Hunger
------


Verbose Mode
------------
The game initally starts as verbose mode, which is the normal default. Typing
"verbose off" will turn off verbose mode. This makes it so that exits aren't
displayed. Typing "verbose on" will turn verbose mode back on and exits will be
displayed.

From the start of the game, the exits will be displayed as verbose is initally
on. Type "verbose off" to turn off verbose mode. Go "n". The exits shouldn't be
displayed for the room "The Wall".

**** using the look command will ignore verbose mode and display exits no
matter what as that is the point of the look command ****
